what's up guys jeff lush tanks coming at
you with the new video and you're in
this process of seeing me break down my
28 gallon suckers getting drained got a
bunch of plants in buckets got some fish
in some buckets which nobody's even seen
yet driftwood and that's all wet
driftwood with moss tied to it so i'm
gonna kind of go over how I escaped a
tank and hopefully it comes out to my
likings or I'll be doing this video
again so stick with me I'll come back
once the tanks drained
alright guys so we're back as you can
see there's just a little bit of water
and then you can't get it all out when
they're so straight in there and I'm not
gonna Jack with the substrate too much
you know I'm gonna leave it wet but
there you go
what I'm gonna end up doing is take you
with me I got I probably got like a
hundred pounds of substrate down in my
little fish room downstairs this is all
you know it's you substrate but you
don't throw it away so I washed it out
cuz I'm gonna obviously need a little
bit more you always need more than you
think so
I'm gonna go ahead and flat some of this
stuff out
and then I'll come back once I get the
substrate kind of flatten out a little
all right fellas so we're back I'm doing
a like just a straight real thick
driftwood type the deal you know excuse
the glass it is what it is I'm skating
so I've got some pieces of moss tied to
driftwood select spots next step is
going to be me kind of back filling in
areas that I want with the substrate
your little man's playing in right now
hey Bros oh hey don't tell Mom
don't tell Mom it's a secret but yeah
I'm going to come back once I got all
this back filled in for you guys
sad dwarfs and went through there and
then up onto that little area right
there so it's kind of a valley a Dwarfs
as you left this little pocket open did
that on purpose I just tried something
different so we're going to continue to
keep rolling
but next plant do some crypts
alright guys we're back you're looking
at almost the finished product I still
got to pick up some window the java fern
I'll probably pick up two maybe three
plants of that break it up and fill in a
few areas right there's where I have
window a java fern and right there and I
need to have that plug through there and
along that seam right there and then the
tank will probably be pretty much a dot
aquascaping wise plant wise at least I
got dwarf sans through here going back
up through behind this you can't really
see it from this camera angle but there
is dwarf sag sitting a behind this
driftwood crit reading red and green
wind Eddie's
retro spirals right through here or
spider Alice I don't know I'll have to
look up the actual real name I always
screw it up but that's through there and
wisteria through here and there
this was theory a patch right here
that's about the height that I'm going
to keep it at
as it grows I'll cut it back down to
that height the other two patches along
the back of the tank
I'll let grow up probably to the
waterline and then trim them back I left
middle section open just because it kind
of breaks up the two islands of
driftwood and it's built up really I
mean it's it's super built up I'll give
you guys some close-ups so you can kind
of take a look and see what I did but it
came out pretty good I'm I'm pretty
pleased with it is it exactly what I
envisioned now I've went over this look
at it and say that just doesn't look
good and that's what I do with pretty
much all my tanks is I never aquascape
them all you know the way it's gonna be
when I'm doing it I kind of take a break
here and there and then come back to the
tank and make sure it's looking good I
definitely recommend doing that step
away from the tank go look at a
different tank come back to it and be
like okay this is a finished product
guys if anybody's got any questions on
how I did things let me know I use
fishing line on the driftwood instead of
thread just because I had some old
fishing line laying around so that's
what I used for them crypts are gonna
melt because I rip them out of a
different tank so those suckers will
melt I'll trim them back same thing with
the moss as it starts to go I'll kind of
keep it a nice clean look on those logs
but I'm gonna pick it up show you some
real quick close-ups sorry for the
length of the video it's it's hard to
get all this stuff and you know I'm
missing a bunch of stuff I'm sure that
I've done you know to get to this point
but trying to keep it in a reasonable
ten-minute matter so I'm gonna pick you
guys up show you some plants show you
that show you that you know the slopes
and the edges and stuff so let's go take
a look at look
you